update docs with robotidy mention (#465)
MarketSquare/robotframework-robocop: README.md

Found 5 issue(s): 2 WARNING(s), 2 ERROR(s), 1 INFO(s).
```

Fixing issues <a name="robotidy"></a>
--------------

> Several issues can be fixed using auto-formatting tool Robotidy. Check out the Robotidy [documentation](https://robotidy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

Reviewer: What about:
```suggestion
Many issues in your code reported by Robocop can be fixed using auto-formatting tool, Robotidy. Check out the Robotidy [documentation](https://robotidy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).
```
?
